For homework:
*    Create a page that allows the user to enter the name of a file to load. When the user clicks the "load" button, load that file using AJAX and display the contents somewhere on the page (not an alert or a console log, show it on the page). Note that the files (really urls) to be loaded must be on the same domain (we will talk more about this next class iy"h) and in a location servable by your web server - for simplicity start with simply loading files located in the same directory as the html file you are running as we did in class.
*    Have a "loading..." message or icon (maybe a spinner)  that shows while the loading is happening. (you might need an artificial timeout somewhere to make the spinner stay long enough to really be noticed since your load will be so fast but you should be able to see it at flash briefly even without adding artificial wait times)
*    Use jQuery for all DOM manipulation. For the actual Ajax call you can either use fetch, or the lower level XMLHttpRequest if you for some reason want to. We did both in class. If you do use fetch, we used response.json() in class to get the response (JSON) text as an object or to simply get the response text as a string we used response.text() instead. jQuery does have its own Ajax helper methods  (very similar to fetch) which we may talk about briefly in class, but as mentioned, now that fetch exists, jQuery Ajax is less popular and we will most often be using fetch. 
*    Make sure to handle errors and show any to the user in the page (not using console) Maybe use the messagebox we wrote just for fun...

For an additional exercise, if you have time, make the contacts example we wrote in class dynamically load existing contacts from a json file. So it starts up empty with no contacts and then (either automatically or when the user clicks some button) it loads a json file of contacts and populates the table with it.
