For homework, as discussed, begin working on a portfolio page that you might use to help market yourself when you begin looking for a job.

For tonight's homework use bootstrap. You may not get as far as you would like as you haven't used bootstrap before, but as we saw in class, there is lots of documentation, and lots of examples you can copy from to get something that looks nice and is relatively sophisticated, quickly. See https://getbootstrap.com/ for details. Getting better at using it is really a matter of looking through the documentation, and getting comfortable with it - knowing what they offer, remembering the class names, etc.. which mostly comes with usage.

Having a portfolio page for real is a great idea. Why not keep working on this after submitting your homework (and continue updating throughout the year) and have a real page you can include on your resume and show people. Whether you should roll your own or use bootstrap is debatable. I guess it depends on how artistic you are and whether your own would look decent....

As I tried to show in class, you can host this page using github pages if you like. Not sure exactly what I did wrong in class, but I deleted the repo and recreated it, following the directions on https://pages.github.com/ a little more carefully I guess, and it worked. You can see the page from class at https://slubowsky-course.github.io the code is at https://github.com/slubowsky-course/slubowsky-course.github.io but I did ad the files to the regular class 61 folder as well.
if you do create a separate github pages repo, be sure to also copy your files into the regular homework repo so my script will find it and pull it down.